the game
I think true temptations
every woman who goes through a window
How's it look at this?
because women are in love with
shoes
research in England has shown
that women like more than shoes
than boyfriends is not a joke
According to the data, 96 percent of
women regret throwing a shoe
but only 15% feel bad and
end a date and if you are part
women who love to stay with the
trendy feet know the tips and
trends of the spring-summer collection
Anabelas sandals scarton whistles
sneakers and a multitude of models
many women ensure that the
important is comfort comfort right
not just not I 'm not the person
go out of fashion and others are in
even search is beauty beauty and a
little price also for this
spring the floral prints arrived
however, a trend inspired by
not the same color
may lack the strong colors that marked
next summer and for the most
daring neon colors
we do not think
and the pattern the animal remains in the
and for this spring the animals do not
may be missing until matching prints
many different
injured
bye
for modern women the chapters only
a good shoe option with sophisticated
Metallic tips displaying charm
Neutral tones like pastel colors are
eternal never lose the value to the
discrete women from the most basic
Even more extravagant has shoes with the
jump for example jump very thin more
basic to one more yellow the style
egg you read with golden fee for
all tastes
not the anabela in a spade is a charm
only
with the jump in cork or covered with
real straw sound nature color
models that lavish creativity and
requires proper style when using
as is the case with swan kers with sneakers
with high heels this invention arrived with
winter but due to good acceptance
remain high nowadays
people wear more shoes to overflow
understood women for example
used to wear jewelry
now wear shoes bags that refer to
attention to the feet and how to
Even accessory and fashion is so live
flashback
the sport shoe leads to the 60s with
the ball-and-roll prints of the years
80 the charming varnish that enhances the brilliance
and the color of the shoes
today, women who are also
entering sites have enough sites
that they see that fashion really is
the market entry for example
the tendency in the 80's that
came back
the packers invaded the leather and brought
roque enrow to the woman's feet
comfortable sneakers to complete
a more stripped-down look with a touch of
luxury or high heel that gives a feeling
of power and daring for any look
skulls and owls also arrived to
display gothic style
I can speak for some Haitians and I
I was but that spoke in this and still in rhythm
rock ' n' roll and to shake your head and
The woman's pocket One last tip is to
black gold collection the glamor of black and
golden
the black gold collection is a collection well
futuristic
is a different unusual collection are the
black with gold is wearing very
clothing shoes handbags in style numbers
shoe I play all
after all these tips you will not
more out of fashion fashion collection
spring summer has models for everyone
the types of women